#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass report
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
enumitem
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
INTRODUCTION
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Project Background
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
With the rise of social media that promotes communication among personnel
 over the internet has stimulate the innovation of utilizing the power of
 connectivity among them.
 Among the ideas of sharing information, ride-sharing is one of the promising
 growing trends.
 It is proven that the technology is currently being implemented as a business
 idea all around the world.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As the emergence of sharing economy gradually arise in this modern society,
 the ride-sharing community and industry are further developing into different
 segment, where it is divided into driver and driverless ride-sharing.
 The examples of ride-sharing with driver are Uber and Grab, and the example
 for driverless ride-sharing would be bike-sharing such as oBike and MoBike.
 With these real world implementation of the concept of ride-sharing, the
 sharing economy is proven successful, as it builds up a brand new wave
 of investment into technology industry.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There is difference of ride-sharing, which could be further categorized
 into model that supplies both drivers and vehicles, or model that supplies
 only transportation itself.
 The example from industries for the model are stated above.
 The method in running both system are different.
 Navigation of the vehicles are different if the supplied vehicle has no
 driver.
 For this project, the model that only supplies transportation only and
 without driver, will be taken in as the main case of investigation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
With the model being stated, certain function must be carried out so that
 the coordination and scheduling of the usage time by user could be synchronized
, and functional at the same time.
 By arranging the sequence in manual, everything could be done easily but
 complicated and time consuming at the same time.
 With that, certain intelligent system must be combined into the model to
 enhance the automation so that manual operation can be replaced.
 Artificial technologies are one of the exciting technology that is being
 developed and paid attention on, so that it is able to be placed into the
 system in making it more intelligent, as well as automating certain tasks
 which reduces manpower and saves time in general.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In relation to the case in UPM Serdang campus, MyCOMS is a type of electric
 vehicle that only have one-seated, which provides difficulty in terms of
 mobility.
 When the car is being driven to some other place, it is hard to get the
 car back to original place, unless there is someone who is responsible
 in returning the vehicles to the desired location at the start.
 The daily demand of the electric vehicle differs with stations, as the
 number of student and staff that has different schedule to go to every
 places in the campus.
 Thus, the deployment of the vehicle is crucial, as it is best to place
 the vehicle at stations which has the most traffic at the start of the
 day, to ensure that it serves its purpose in providing mobility to students
 and staffs.
 With this it is hope that the overcrowded and the over-capacity issue of
 the number of passenger for transportation currently provided.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
By combining both model and the technology specified above, it is hoped
 that it can be transformed into a better and more intelligent system that
 would benefit users, and the administration at the same time.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Problem Statement
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The time taken travelling around the campus is high, and it is an issue
 as public transport are provided around the campus.
 With ride sharing among students, it is targeted to solve the over-crowded
 issue with the limited mode of transportation.
 Full utilization of networks within the students is expected to generate
 and create a safe environment and community which makes every ride smooth.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Students, staff and every personnel that is in UPM Serdang campus will face
 traffic problem, when it comes to peak hour travel, and also certain ad-hoc
 event and program hosted in the campus.
 One of the most significant event that adds up to the traffic issue would
 be annual convocation which will last for a week.
 And weeks before the convocation, ex-students will be returning to the
 campus in retrieving their graduation robe and to submit documents.
 This will even add up to the normal traffic volume.
 This can be solved if there is a platform that can be used in coordinating
 vehicles by demand.
 User can expect the availability of vehicle and book it in advance, and
 use it when they need it the most.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In UPM Serdang Campus there are 3 units of single-seated MyCOMS.
 Users must be able to utilize it fully, only through sharing of a pool
 of same network.
 The availability and whereabouts of the vehicle must be updated almost
 instantly to allow everyone in the network to view its status, and decide
 on the usage of it.
 Certain limitation to the vehicle must be considered, such as battery level,
 destination of journey, and usage demand.
 The vehicle will be useless if there is not enough power to run.
 The vehicle will have limited source of user if destination of a journey
 is targeted at remote area of the campus.
 The vehicle must be placed properly at stations where there is higher demand
 to serve its purpose.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There is an application developed for booking of the MyCOMS.
 However, the previous application built for booking of MyCOMS is currently
 not in service, and was not sufficient in servicing the capacity of students
 and staff in UPM Serdang campus.
 The application was also reviewed thoroughly from the framework used to
 the type of database used in supporting the whole application.
 It was found out that the application was made in Cordova framework and
 uses relational database as the backbone.
 In terms of scaling the numbers of concurrent user of the application,
 certain modifications must be done in order to increase efficiency and
 reduce breakdown or failure of the application in delivering the objectives.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Aim and Objectives
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The aim of this project is to develop a fully working secured in campus
 ride-sharing application.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The objectives of this project are: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
To design and create an EV
\begin_inset CommandInset nomenclature
LatexCommand nomenclature
symbol "EV"
description "Electric Vehicle"

\end_inset

 ride-sharing application in UPM Serdang campus.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
To predict station level demand of EV.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
To evaluate the system design performance.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Project Scope
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The project will be focusing on the development of a ride-sharing Android
 application.
 The main mode of transportation which is going to be used in this project
 would be the Toyota Chotto Odekake Machimade Suisui (COMS
\begin_inset CommandInset nomenclature
LatexCommand nomenclature
symbol "COMS"
description "Chotto Odekake Machimade Suisui"

\end_inset

), which is later renamed as MyCOMS by Universiti Putra Malaysia (UPM
\begin_inset CommandInset nomenclature
LatexCommand nomenclature
symbol "UPM"
description "Universiti Putra Malaysia"

\end_inset

), in hopes to promote green technology in the Serdang Campus.
 The COMS is a single-seated ultra-compact electric vehicle, which carry
 the meanings of ‘smooth, short rides into town”.
 Three COMS are received, and it represents the collaboration between UPM,
 Toyota Auto Body Malaysia (TABM
\begin_inset CommandInset nomenclature
LatexCommand nomenclature
symbol "TABM"
description "Toyota Auto Body Malaysia"

\end_inset

), Toyota Auto Body Japan (TABJ
\begin_inset CommandInset nomenclature
LatexCommand nomenclature
symbol "TABJ"
description "Toyota Auto Body Japan"

\end_inset

) and also Kyushu Institute of Technology (Kyutech
\begin_inset CommandInset nomenclature
LatexCommand nomenclature
symbol "Kyutech"
description "Kyushu Institute of Technology"

\end_inset

), Japan.
 This project will have high similarities of the model of bike-sharing,
 as the COMS is a single-seated vehicle, and can only be transported whenever
 there is driver on it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The proposed mobile application which specially created for mobile device
 with platform of Android is expected to build to coordinate and monitor
 the MyCOMS vehicle.
 It is targeted to provide efficiency for users to manage the booking of
 the MyCOMS, and also for the administration team to have full time monitoring
 of the vehicle whenever it is.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Report Outline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The thesis consists of five chapters, which includes introduction, literature
 review, methodology, result and discussion, and conclusion.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
• Chapter 1 - Introduction to the background of the involved EV which is
 MyCOMS, and the targeted ride-sharing android application.
 Problem statements are defined in this chapter.
 The aims and main objectives of the project are also discussed in the chapter
 too.
 Project scope is declared at the end of the chapter.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
• Chapter 2 - Literature review of the related research on the ride-sharing
 industries, including vehicles with driver, and also vehicles that are
 driverless.
 The existing ride-sharing application are studied, compared and discussed
 in this chapter.
 Main focus of the project which is the ride-sharing android application
 is discussed in the chapter.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
• Chapter 3 - Methodology used in the overall flow, outline and the process
 of the project.
 The related materials and equipment such as hardware and software involved:
 Android devices, Android Studio IDE and MyCOMS are discussed.
 The architecture of the android system is further explained in this chapter.
 The emerging idea of developing this ride-sharing application is further
 discussed in the same section of the chapter.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
• Chapter 4 - The result and discussion which shows the screenshot, and
 also the performance evaluation of the application.
 The problem faced throughout the application development and project deployment
 are discussed in this chapter.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
• Chapter 5 - Conclusion of the whole project in the last chapter of the
 thesis.
 This chapter will includes the application development, the evaluation
 findings and also the future works possible for the application are discussed
 in the chapter.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset nomenclature
LatexCommand nomenclature
symbol "SMS"
description "Short Message Services"

\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset nomenclature
LatexCommand nomenclature
symbol "GSM"
description "Global System for Mobile Communications"

\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset nomenclature
LatexCommand nomenclature
symbol "AVD"
description "Android Virtual Device"

\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset nomenclature
LatexCommand nomenclature
symbol "RAM"
description "Random-access memory"

\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset nomenclature
LatexCommand nomenclature
symbol "ERD"
description "Entity Relationship Diagram"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
