#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass report
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
enumitem
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
CONCLUSION
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Conclusion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In conclusion, an Android based single-seated vehicle booking and ride sharing
 system is developed and presented in a form of Android mobile application,
 MyCOMS.
 MyCOMS application is developed with real time viewing and booking of vehicle
 features.
 With all the features developed in the application, users are able to interact
 and experience high quality of user interface as well as minimal delays
 in synchronizing data with the database.
 Moreover, this MyCOMS application is able to increase the efficiency among
 students and staff of UPM travelling in between faculties and colleges
 with interactions made through the application.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Future Work
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The MyCOMS application still has a big room for improvements.
 More advance features such as two-factor authentication, voice and sms
 for emergency purpose can be studied and developed in the future.
 Moreover, the user interface of the MyCOMS application can be improved
 by having proper icons customized specially for the application.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A website for admin should be developed in the future to ease admin in managing
 multiple users’ account with ease.
 With good design and layout, the website would reduce the trouble for admin
 to search through the database to look for certain details.
 The application for the vehicle can be developed and synchronized so that
 the details of the vehicles such as battery level, speed and location will
 be automatically updated to the database.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
More advanced features and better graphical user interface should be developed
 and designed in the future.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
