#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass report
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
enumitem
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*

\series bold
\size large
ABSTRACT
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Among the ideas of sharing information, ride-sharing is one of the promising
 growing trends.
 It is proven that the technology is currently being implemented as a business
 idea all around the world.
 The time taken travelling around the campus is high, and it is an issue
 as public transport are provided around the campus.
 The issue worsen when it comes to peak hour travel among faculties and
 colleges.
 In UPM Serdang Campus there are 3 units of single-seated MyCOMS.
 A mobile application has been designed to allow students and staffs of
 UPM Serdang campus to coordinate and use MyCOMS.
 However, the application is not deployed currently, and several weakness
 have been found in the application.
 This project aims to design and develop a secured in campus ride sharing
 Android application.
 Other than that, a prediction of station level demand can also be done
 based on simulation and real time data.
 Lastly the system design performance is evaluated.
 The application is built by using Android Studio.
 Google Maps API is used to obtained location information of both MyCOMS
 and user.
 The data obtained such as location of MyCOMS and user details is stored
 in Firebase.
 The application that has been developed is able to locate real time location
 of MyCOMS, place and manages booking of the vehicle.
 Fuzzy logic is used to predict the station level demand with simulation
 of data which includes location of station, temperature of the day, time
 of travel and population of station.
 In conclusion, the fully workable Android application is developed for
 MyCOMS is capable of providing convenience and resolving part of the issues
 in commuting in campus for UPM students and staff.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
